I need an admin flow for admin users that allows me to see and edit all of the information seperate from the supabase DB. This information is plant catalog table, guest, users, transactions, resources, shop catalog, and really anything that the DB currently gives "all" access to admin. (view RLS) I dont know really how to structure this part but I want it to be visual and i want the ability to edit it by clicking and uploading it or editing it on the spot. Maybe there are toggleable pages or maybe the admin can just float through and right click to edit features. totally not sure here but i need your help making the admin flow easy and functional.

Now, There are also right now two sections that arent part of the DB necessarily, but i need admin to have access to editing and changing and making visually appealing. I want them to have realtime ability to see their edits and then be able to save them and "set them in stone" These two sections are volunteer page "upcoming events" if i havent told you about them yet thats okay because i have a md file named "volunteer ops and calendar.md" that lays it out for you. The other part is the "our generous sponsors" card on the home page. I need the admin to be able to add real time images of the sponsors logos, and format exactly how they want that card to look. Is this possible? I know there are workarounds for this or maybe simpler ways to do this but i dont know what i dont know. I assume that there are plenty of examples of admin flows like this. 